[docs] Add info about manual composition (#2087)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/managed-federation/overview.mdx

<hr/>

Ready to try it out? Continue to [Setup](./setup/).

> ## Manual Composition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manual composition

```

> Using Managed Federation should be the default for all production systems, but in some use cases, like local developement, it can be helpful to [manualy compose the supergraph yourself](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/technotes/TN0006-unmanaged-federation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Managed federation is strongly recommended for all production environments.** For non-production environments (such as local development), it can be helpful instead to [manually compose the supergraph schema](/technotes/TN0006-unmanaged-federation/).
```
